>> Bianca Gandolfo: All right,
let's talk about arrow functions.
Who uses arrow functions
in the day to day?
Yeah, a couple of people, awesome.
So here is our functions with
arrow function notation.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Let's see,
what are the differences here?
We have a big fat arrow,
great, you see that around.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: A lack of the function
keyword, is replaced by the arrow.
And we don't have to wrap our parameters
in a parentheses if there's only one.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: And also,
if it's one line you don't have
to wrap it in curly brackets.
Those are the main differences.
>> Speaker 2: So it's only cleaner,
it doesn't necessarily have anything
beyond stylistic differences?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: I'm just
talking about the syntax right now.
It does have a very different behavior
than a regular function would.
But just syntax-wise,
those are the main things to look out for.
And it gets tricky when people
start doing multiple functions.
Say this returned something.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: And then you
wanna do something else with it in
a different function.
It starts to look a little crazy,
in my opinion.
But the main difference is that
it's gonna bind the context.
And the context is the value that
this has to its parent context.
I know that sounds a little
confusing to some people who aren't
familiar with using contexts.
But that's the main difference, really,
is that it doesn't own
its own keyword this.
All functions have a keyword this
that gets bound at call time.
Again, I'm not gonna talk
too much about the details.
I have another course,
and there's a lot of courses on here
that talk about how that works.
But it's important to know that arrow
functions do not have their own value
for this.
And they inherit,
they reach up into the parent scope and
grab that value of this
in that parent scope.
And this replaces any time you see .bind.
Have you guys used bind before?
So this replaces the need for that.
Or it replaces a need if you ever say,
var this equals that, and
then you refer like that .whatever,
you know what I'm talking about?
Have you guys or self?
Var self equals this?
Have you guys seen that?
Cuz sometimes your context or
your keyword this loses its value,
sometimes it's through
asynchronous functions or
nested functions, it can lose its value.
And so there're some tricks that you have
to do to keep this keyword
with a value that you wanted.
And a lot of times, it'll just be
the window and you're like great,
that's not what I wanted.
Or take you a little
while to figure out why,
why is it saying undefined
is not a function?
And stuff like that, so
that takes care of that.
However, it does get tricky because we
expect all functions to have its own
value for this and it doesn't.
Another thing is that it doesn't have
its own value for the arguments keyword.
So the arguments keyword, at call time,
gets bound to all the arguments that
are being passed into the function.
So the arguments of this,
the arguments keyword is the same
as the arguments that are being passed,
except it's this object like array.
And that comes for
free in all of our regular functions
in JavaScript, and that's great.
However, in arrow functions
we don't have that.
So those are just some
things to keep in mind.
Another thing to keep in mind is just
that the variances in syntax can be a bit
confusing.
Particularly when there's
an automatic return.
I recommend if you're trying to return
something from an arrow function,
just write an explicit return function.
Because you have to understand,
sometimes it'll return something and
other times it won't.
And it all has to do with whether or
not something's a statement, and
you have to truly understand deeply what
a statement is and that's complicated.
So the easy fix is just write a return
statement if you're trying to return
something from that function instead
of letting it auto return, cool?
Does that make sense?
Any questions?
>> Speaker 3: Please, just repeat the
relationship with the arguments between
the arrow function and-
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah,
so have you ever referenced the keyword
arguments in the body of a function?
So in an arrow function, it doesn't have
that, so it would just be undefined.
Yeah, yeah, cool.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Anything else?
>> Speaker 4: Maybe this is a tangent, but
I'm curious about in the return statement
there, you talked really quick
about using back-ticks yesterday.
And so obviously the dollar sign bracket
syntax is different for the thing there.
So what all is happening there?
And is that something that's ES6 specific?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Mm-hm.
>> Speaker 4: I'm not familiar with that.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah, so
this is a template string,
which is one of my
favorite things about ES6.
Basically, it allows you to,
I think it's called interpolation or
something like that.
But basically,
you can add variable names in here.
So you wrap it with a dollar sign bracket.
Similar, if you've used a templating
language, it's kind of like that,
like Mustache or JSX and
things like that have this built in.
I guess JSX might be a template string.
Anyway, point is you can
reference a variable
name without having to say
quotation plus name plus quotation.
How we have it up here, see this,
this is before template strings,
so it's just a lot of mess.
And then sometimes,
maybe you forgot to close a string or
you forgot to add a plus on
the other side and you get an error.
And it just wastes a whole second.
>> Speaker 4: Sure, and
the back ticks are just required
to use that template's chain form?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Mm-hm, so this is
gonna evaluate to a string, it will look
up the name, and then you can also do math
in here too if you want stuff like that.
Or if there's a property,
you can do stuff like that.
Yeah, it's pretty nice.